Update Fastly TLS certificate doc (#4556)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/request-fastly-tls-certificate.html.md

When transitioning HTTPS domains, these are the steps to request a TLS certificate from Fastly.

> 1. Login to Fastly. If you need access, [speak to a member of the senior tech team](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/ask-for-help.html#contact-senior-tech). You will need "TLS management" permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Login to Fastly - you will need "TLS management" permissions. A [member of the senior tech team](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/ask-for-help.html#contact-senior-tech) should be able to grant access through the Fastly UI (it can't be done through govuk-user-reviewer).
```

> 1. Login to Fastly. You will need "TLS management" permissions. You can give yourself temporary access by updating your permissions in  [govuk-user-reviewer](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-user-reviewer) - see this [example PR](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-user-reviewer/pull/1190)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Login to Fastly. You will need "TLS management" permissions. You can give yourself temporary access by updating your permissions in [govuk-user-reviewer](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-user-reviewer) - see this [example PR](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-user-reviewer/pull/1190)
```
